gh-108901: Add `bound_arg` to `Signature.from_callable()` and `signature()` (#116559)
python/cpython: Doc/library/inspect.rst

   Accepts a wide range of Python callables, from plain functions and classes to
   :func:`functools.partial` objects.

   If *follow_wrapped* is ``False`` *callable* will not be unwrapped
   (``callable.__wrapped__`` will not be used to unwrap decorated callables).

>    If *skip_bound_arg* is ``False``, keep ``self`` parameter in a signature.

Reviewer: Maybe it should be obvious to readers, e.g. from the parameter name, but you could expand this a bit.  The question is: signature of what?  E.g.:
```pycon
>>> class Spam:
...     def foo(self, bar): ...
... 
>>> import inspect
>>> inspect.signature(Spam.foo)
<Signature (self, bar)>
>>> inspect.signature(Spam.foo, skip_bound_arg=False)
<Signature (self, bar)>
>>> inspect.signature(Spam().foo)
<Signature (bar)>
>>> inspect.signature(Spam().foo, skip_bound_arg=False)
<Signature (self, bar)>
```
```suggestion
   If *skip_bound_arg* is ``False``, keep the first parameter (typically named
   ``self``) of the bound method in a signature.
```

PS: Yeah, and ``bound_arg`` sounds better.

Author: ```python
    @classmethod
    def from_callable(cls, obj, *,
                      follow_wrapped=True, bound_arg=False,
                      globals=None, locals=None, eval_str=False):
        """Constructs Signature for the given callable object."""
        return _signature_from_callable(obj, sigcls=cls,
                                        follow_wrapper_chains=follow_wrapped,
                                        skip_bound_arg=not bound_arg,
                                        globals=globals, locals=locals, eval_str=eval_str)
```

Ok! I wanted to have the same name, but since all other objects do not expose `skip_bound_arg`, it is just an implementation detail. So, we can show the better name.

   Accepts a wide range of Python callables, from plain functions and classes to
   :func:`functools.partial` objects.

   If *follow_wrapped* is ``False`` *callable* will not be unwrapped
   (``callable.__wrapped__`` will not be used to unwrap decorated callables).

>    If *bound_arg* is ``False``, remove ``self`` parameter
>    from the method signature.

Reviewer 2: It's better to describe the non-default behaviour for boolean options (so folks know what they'll get if they request non-default behaviour):

```suggestion
   If *bound_arg* is ``True``, report the (already bound) first parameter on bound
   instance  or class methods (usually ``self`` or ``cls``). This emulates the historical
   behaviour of the deprecated :func:`getfullargspec` function.
```

(Describing both behaviours is also an option, but it seemed excessively verbose in this case)

   .. versionchanged:: 3.10
      The *globals*, *locals*, and *eval_str* parameters were added.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.13
      The *skip_bound_arg* parameter was added.

>       Pass ``False`` to keep the ``self`` parameter in a signature.

Reviewer 3: Please move this sentence ("Pass...") from this note to the doc body. Or rephrase it to something like:

If *skip_bound_arg* is false, keep `self` parameter in the signature.
